Pegasus: Increase video duration to 30 minutes (#79)
twelvelabs-io/twelvelabs-python: README.md

- **Video resolution**: Must be greater or equal than 360p and less or equal than 4K.
- **Video and audio formats**: The video files you wish to upload must be encoded in the video and audio formats listed on the [FFmpeg Formats Documentation](https://ffmpeg.org/ffmpeg-formats.html) page. For videos in other formats, contact us at [support@twelvelabs.io](mailto:support@twelvelabs.io).

> - **Duration**: For Marengo, it must be between 4 seconds and 2 hours (7,200s). For Pegasus, it must be between 4 seconds and 30 minutes (1800s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Duration**: For Marengo, it must be between 4 seconds and 2 hours (7,200s). For Pegasus, it must be between 4 seconds and 30 minutes (1,800s).
```

Author: Thank you!
